Finite limits, limits as equalisers of products (#259)
plt-amy/1lab: src/Cat/Diagram/Colimit/Base.lagda.md

by, it turns out we can get away with only two fundamental types of colimits:
[[coproducts]] and [[coequalisers]]. In order to construct the colimit for a diagram
of shape $\cJ$, we will require coproducts [[indexed|indexed coproduct]] by $\cJ$'s type
of objects *and* by its type of morphisms.

<!--
```agda
module _ {o ℓ} {C : Precategory o ℓ} where
  private
    module C = Cat.Reasoning C
    open Indexed-coproduct
    open make-is-colimit
    open Coequaliser
```
-->

```agda
  colimit-as-coequaliser-of-coproduct
    : ∀ {oj ℓj} {J : Precategory oj ℓj}
    → has-coproducts-indexed-by C (Precategory.Ob J)
    → has-coproducts-indexed-by C (Precategory.Mor J)
    → has-coequalisers C
    → (F : Functor J C) → Colimit F
  colimit-as-coequaliser-of-coproduct {oj} {ℓj} {J} has-Ob-cop has-Mor-cop has-coeq F =
    to-colimit (to-is-colimit colim) where
```

<!--
```agda
    module J = Cat.Reasoning J
    open Functor F
```
-->

Given a diagram $F : \ca{J} \to \ca{C}$, we start by building the coproduct of all
the objects appearing in the diagram.

```agda
    Obs : Indexed-coproduct C λ o → F₀ o
    Obs = has-Ob-cop _
```

> Our colimit will arise as a *cosubobject* of this coproduct-of-objects,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our colimit will arise as a *quotient object* of this coproduct-of-objects,
```

namely the [[coequaliser]] of two carefully chosen morphisms.

As a guiding example, the [[pushout]] of $f : C \to A$ and $g : C \to B$ should be
the quotient of $A + B + C$ by the equivalence relation generated by
$\iota_A(f(c)) = \iota_C(c) = \iota_B(g(c))$. In full generality, for
each arrow $f : C \to A$ in our diagram, we should have that injecting
into the $C$th component of our coproduct should give the same
result as precomposing with $f$ and injecting into the $A$th component.

This suggests to build another indexed coproduct of all the *domains* of arrows in
the diagram, taking the first morphism to be the injection into the domain component
and the second morphism to be the injection into the codomain component precomposed with $f$:

> ~~~{.quiver .short-05}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~{.quiver .short-1}
```
